(Faust)
Prepare to duel,
Brave Battler!
(man)
No, Faust, you prepare
to duel against me!
Playmaker!
It's really you!
Wow! That scowl.
And that hair?
Yeah!
So flash!
My card, please.
Huh? Oh!
Of course, uh, here.
And, uh,
thank you,
you know, for, um, letting
me borrow it like you did.
I hope I made you proud!
So proud that maybe you
and I can be buddies now?
What do ya say,
Playmaker? Huh?
BFF's, you, me?
If your plan was to draw me out
into the open,
congratulations,
it worked.
But you, Faust,
have crossed the line
by stealing my card data
from me,
and then giving it
to this amateur.
Hey!
You think I stole
your card data?
That's news to me.
You lie.
If you're not the thief,
then who is?!
(Ai)
Don't believe him, Playmaker.
He's a super villain
after all.
With a super villain goatee
and a super villain eye patch.
Just 'cause his pants
aren't on fire
doesn't mean
he's not fibbin'!
Think what you want,
but understand
this, Playmaker.
I will take your Ignis.
And do so with speed.
And when I say speed,
realize that I mean it
in every sense of the word.
I activate the Data Gale!
Whoa!
The Data Gale.
That's what the Hanoi used
to Speed Duel
against Gore
and Blue Angel.
(Ai)
With the added effect of
trapping us inside these winds.
If we're gonna wrap up
this rescue,
we're gonna have
to beat this guy!
Prepare for defeat, Playmaker!
♪♪♪
Now let's Speed Duel!
I shall go first!
And I will initiate this duel
by activating the spell
Wormhole Defense!
(Ai)
Holy moly!
That thing's
a sight to behold!
Uh...
At least, I bet it would be
if I could see it.
But that may be tough seeing
as how there's no live feed.
(groans)
I know!
I can adjust
my superhero visor
so I can see super-duper close!
(laughs)
Engage!
Oh, yeah!
By activating Wormhole Defense,
I'm allowed to summon
one Motor Worm Token
to my field in defense mode.
But instead
of stopping at one,
I shall triple my Worm count
with the spell Motor Worm Bait
to invite two more Worms
to our dimension!
(Ai)
Eww! Those squiggles
give me the creeps.
Who knew there were creatures
uglier than you meatbags?
Now, Playmaker!
(grunts)
Bear witness as I bridge
the circuit between dimensions!
My Worms!
Set yourselves
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3
Motor Worm Spreader Queen!
(roars)
I Link Summon!
Link 3
Motor Worm Spreader Queen!
Giving up three monsters for one
may seem like a high price,
but not when she can
create her own army!
When there are no monsters
next to her links,
she can summon she can
summon a Motor Worm Token!
And that's not her only
special ability!
My Spreader Queen
gains 700 attack points
for every Insect-Type monster
on the field.
Since I have two Insects,
her attack points
increase by 1400!
(Ai)
That bug is totally
buggin' out!
Better squish it before
we get squashed.
2400 attack points
is a lot to handle.
But nothing's too much
for my best friend.
(Faust)
That will do for now.
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
(tires screeching)
Where are you, Shima?
My turn! (grunts)
Since there are
no monsters on my field,
I'm allowed to summon Linkslayer
straight from my hand!
(grunts)
And now... by putting
this Cyberse monster into play
I can also summon this monster
from my hand:
Backup Secretary!
Now, Faust...
if you can Link Summon,
so can I!
The summoning conditions
require two monsters,
so I set Linkslayer
and Backup Secretary
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 Space Insulator!
(grunts)
But I'm afraid
that this monster
is only the beginning, Faust!
Next to
Space Insulator's link,
I can automatically summon
Link Infra-Flier!
And with these two monsters,
I can Link Summon again!
Because what you can do,
I can do even better!
Now...
I set Link Infra-Flier and Space
Insulator in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 Decode Talker!
(grunts)
Next, I shall summon
Cyberse Wizard!
And Decode Talker
gains 500 attack points
for every monster
next to its link.
Oh, yeah!
Decode Talker's taken
the crown from the Queen!
(Faust chuckling)
After I place this card
facedown on my field,
my Decode Talker is now going
to attack your Spreader Queen!
Decode Destruction!
Did you actually think
I wouldn't be prepared for that?
With my spell
Wormhole Defense,
instead of Spreader Queen
being destroyed,
a Motor Worm Token
is destroyed in her place!
In other words,
long live the Queen.
Well...
You still lose life points..
And with one less strand
of spaghetti,
your Queen loses
700 attack points!
(laughs)
Which makes her weaker
than my Cyberse Wizard!
Now, go!
Toodle-oo!
I activate the trap card
Worm Revival!
It resurrects a Link 3 or lower
Insect from my graveyard!
Return to rule,
Motor Worm Spreader Queen!
Ugh, looks like her "reign"
is back in the forecast.
You really are prepared
for everything.
Yes. And much more than
you can ever imagine.
Because Worm Revival's
second effect
summons another
Motor Worm Token
next to my Spreader Queen,
which you can't attack
as long as her highness
roams the field.
And I'm back to having
two Insects in play,
so my Queen now gains
1400 attack points
raising her to 2400!
You thought attacking my Queen
would pull you closer to
victory, but you were wrong!
All it did was push you
further towards defeat!
And this will push you
over the edge!
Egg Clutch negates
your monster's abilities
and locks it in defense,
but also transforms
your monster into an Insect!
(Ai)
No way!
I'm altering
Cyberse Wizard's DNA!
(panicked gasp)
(groaning loudly)
Aww, glitch!
Now it seems your Wizard serves
me more than he serves you!
With another Insect
on the field,
Motor Worm Spreader Queen gains
700 additional attack points.
Oh, no!
It's got more attack points
than Decode Talker now!
(Ai)
This is bad!
Do something, Playmaker.
I'm ending my turn.
No, I didn't mean
do that, ya dummy!
Well...
It's not like you had
any options left.
This duel's done!
♪♪♪
It's my turn!
And I will make sure
it's your last!
Egg Clutch allows me to tribute
one of my monsters
in order to summon
two Motor Worm Tokens
to your side of the field.
Consider it a gift,
a gift that you didn't
ask for or want.
Because it means there'll
be more Insects in play!
Just great.
He took one monster
and turned it into two.
(Yusaku)
I know how
to count, Ai.
Then my
Spreader Queen can summon
another Motor Worm Token
of her own!
So Spreader Queen gains
700 more attack points!
Of course she does.
Lastly...
I activate this!
My spell Motor Worm Gate!
When all of the monsters on your
field happen to be Insects,
my very own Insect can then
go and attack
your precious
life points directly!
Uh, yoo-hoo?
I think you're
forgetting something!
Decode Talker is no bug,
so that effect won't work!
For now!
But it will when Spreader Queen
destroys Decode Talker!
Swarming Storm Assault!
Ah!
It's like
he's programmed
to contradict
everything I say!
(Faust)
I will defeat you, Playmaker.
I will acquire that Ignis.
I will triumph and avenge
the two who fell before me.
I owe it to them.
I activate my skill...
Double Bite!
(Ai)
And I bet it bites.
(Faust laughs)
My Skill allows
my Spreader Queen
to attack twice this turn
instead of just once!
What?!
That's right!
Now go...!
Thanks to Motor Worm Gate,
this attack will be a direct
attack to your life points!
Uh, Playmaker, does he know
the definition of direct?
Because that attack
went directly nowhere.
(insects buzzing)
Uh, what's buzzin'?
Huh?!
Finish him!
Not so fast!
I activate my trap card
Urgent Link!
It cuts the damage
I take in half!
Playmaker!
(Ai)
Only 50 life points?
Guess that's
better than 0.
Good to know you
can still count, Ai.
Let's go!
♪♪♪
You thought I was playing
straight into your hands.
But perhaps you were
playing into mine!
'Cause my Urgent Link
has another effect!
Yep, we can use a Worm Token
to summon a new Link Monster!
That's right!
Faust, watch this!
Huh?
(Faust)
Watch what?
Hmm?
Due to Wormhole Defense's
effect,
you're not allowed to use
an Insect to Link Summon.
So it seems you're still
playing into my hands.
It was a nice try.
But no shred of effort
will save you from defeat!
I don't think we can get
outta this mess, Playmaker.
Perhaps.
But I'm not going to give up.
Of course not.
And I would expect
nothing less from you.
Not from someone who had
the fortitude to survive
the Lost Incident.
You will lose, and that
Ignis will be mine!
Yes, I'll be carrying
the guilt for my role
in the incident
for the rest of my life.
But now's not the time to feel
sorry for myself, or for you!
I must complete my mission
by destroying the Ignis!
(Kolter)
Shima's signal
is getting stronger.
(Faust)
It's your turn, Playmaker.
Your very last turn!
We'll see!
It doesn't matter
what you draw
because I've
designed my combo...
to be unbreakable.
Just because you've designed it
to be unbreakable
does not make it so!
By banishing a Monster
from my graveyard
with the same number of links
as your Link Monster,
Cybersal Cyclone
destroys your monster.
Your Spreader Queen is Link 3
which is exactly the same
as my Decode Talker!
Toodle-dee-doo
part two!
I don't think so!
I still have Wormhole Defense
in play!
My Motor Worm Token
takes the hit
to protect
my Spreader Queen!
That's what I was hoping for.
Say what?
Cybersal Cyclone
has a second effect!
If the monster I banished
was a Cyberse-Type monster,
I can destroy one
of your spell or trap cards!
(growls)
Cybersal Cyclone!
Destroy Wormhole Defense!
All right!
That's so totally
what I would've done!
(growls)
There goes your combo.
But still Spreader Queen's
ability activates!
Summoning another
Motor Worm Token!
And raising her attack points
back to 4500!
And that means not a single
one of your monsters
is strong enough
to defeat her!
That is true.
(strange noise)
(Ai)
Data Storm, portside!
Here goes!
♪♪♪
(screaming)
(Ai)
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
(Ai gasps)
There it is!
Storm Access!
Now...
I create the ultimate circuit!
Link Arrows authorized!
The summoning conditions
are three monsters.
So I set two Motor Worm Tokens
and Cyberse Wizard
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon...
Link 3 Powercode Talker!
(roars)
I Link Summon...
Link 3 Powercode Talker!
That's flash!
A brand spanking new
Link Monster!
Since I eliminated three Insects
to summon Powercode Talker,
Spreader Queen loses
2100 attack points!
But my Spreader Queen
still has more attack points
than your monster!
You saying it as though
I'm not aware of that fact.
But when I summon
Powercode Talker,
I can re-summon Space
Insulator from my graveyard.
(grunts)
Now, Powercode,
activate your ability!
It can negate your Spreader
Queen's special abilities,
so all her powerups
come powering down!
Withering Wire!
Your majesty's not so regal
anymore, now is she?
No, wait!
Don't attack me!
There's something you need
to know about your Ignis!
It's keeping
a secret that--
Blah, blah, blah.
Anything to save his skin,
amirite, buddy?
Attack!
By tributing Space Insulator,
Powercode Talker's
attack points double!
Go!
Power Smash!
(Powercode Talker grunts)
Playmaker!
Do you not understand
what you're doing?!
You're dooming us all!
(screaming)
You're dooming us all?
What's he mean?
Who knows?
I don't speak
super villain-ese.
Playmaker...
My bad for causing
you trouble.
I was just trying my best
to help you out, but in the end,
I made things worse.
I hope one day
you can forgive me.
I'll never forgive you.
Huh?
'Cause there's nothing
to forgive.
Fighting for what's
right is never wrong.
So long, Brave Battler.
Till next time.
(tires screeching)
Shima!
Shima, are you in here?
Yusaku?
I didn't think you'd be
the one to come save me.
Yeah.
But where is the person
who abducted you?
Hm?
He left, I guess.
♪♪♪
Anyway, guess who saved me
in LINK VRAINS?
None other than Playmaker!
Yeah, we're pals now--
actually, more like besties.
Or brothers!
(Yusaku)
What did Faust want to tell me?
Yeah, that's it!
We're like family.
That's how
close we are!
There's something you need
to know about your Ignis!
It's keeping
a secret that--
(Shima)
On second thought,
we may just move in together.
(giggles)
So to sum things up,
this has been
the greatest day ever!
You know, aside from the whole
being afraid for my life
thing and all.
Not that I was afraid.
The Brave Battler laughs
in the face of danger!
(laughing)
(Yusaka)
Faust also said that
he didn't steal
my Cyberse Wizard's card data,
so who could have given it
to Shima?
Only a certain few would have
the technical knowhow
and the access...
Could it be?
♪♪♪
(beep)
Looks like Varis
took care of the good doctor.
(Yusaka)
She knew the consequence
of releasing the cure
but she still did it anyway.
(Ai)
Huh? For realzies?
Why?
'Cause she had
a change of heart.
She had
a heart transplant?
We should do
something, Kolter.
I'll call the medics.
♪♪♪